# Conclusion

In the beginning we set out to design a system where we controlled the process from beginning to end rather than designing for someone else. We wanted full control during the design of the project and after we handed the project in. This meant we had to spend a lot of time in the beginning analyzing and deciding how our system was supposed to perform. This went extremely well and was a learning experience for us.

We decided on an extremely ambitious and modern technical stack comprising of a lot of services that were quite new to us. This resulted in us having a pretty steep learning curve in the beginning. The first half of the project revolved around a lot of technical preparation, project analysis and work management. This was a trying time but well worth it as we gained a lot of knowledge and skill in the technologies we focused on. We can now safely say that we have added Vue.js, Vuex, Vuetify, AWS AppSync, DynamoDB, Amazon Cognito, GraphQL, AWS Amplify and a host of other smaller services to our toolbox. This then enabled us to implement features in a fast and efficient manner once we started programming.

In the UX/UI design of the app we had set out to design an application that was approachable and easy to use on mobile devices. We wanted to keep it simple and use Vuetify components as much as we could. We made several iterations and continued to improve the design after usability testing and feedback.

In the end we have delivered on our Minimum Viable Product. Not only a local running project but an application that is currently being used by folf players to keep track of their score and compare themselves to other players. Users can find the nearest course and see information about the course and the holes. The application is real time updating enabling players to compare their game progress with other players in real time.

Not only is the application ready for basic use but we have set up the project in a manner that easily enables future development. The application is modular, and we have set up a CI/CD pipeline that should promote and facilitate regular updates and improvements to the application. The application is in theory infinitely scalable as it is set up on AWS where we have access to all of AWS’s web capabilities. It should not have any negative influence on users experience if we have hundreds of users or millions. The application code is on GitHub and open to pull requests.

We feel that we have a solid foundation to continue to improve and build upon. The next step is to increase and improve the quality of data in the system. We have discussed a possible collaboration with folf entities in Iceland regarding information about courses and individual holes. We feel that increasing the ability of players to keep a variety of data regarding their gameplay is something that should be improved upon next. We also feel that continuing to improve on the UI/UX aspect of the application with more user feedback should be of upmost importance.

We all love the game of folf and play it regularly, we envision that we will keep on improving the app as we use it to enhance and enrich our folf playing experiences. Quite a few folf players that are also programmers have expressed an interest in contributing and helping us developing a free and open source application that would be the standard for folf players in Iceland.
